BASICS RULES
————————————————————————————

Make an initial buy in: this will be the amount in your wallet at the start of the game. Must be at least $100

Make a bet on your turn for each round.

You can choose to hit or hold. If you hit, you get another card. If you hold, it is the next player’s turn.

Dealer must stand on soft 17.

When the round ends, click new round to continue.

If any player runs out of money in their wallet, they are no longer in the game.

The game continues until human player has no money in their wallet.

Payout Guidelines:
This is standard blackjack with 3-2 payout
-If player gets natural blackjack, they will be paid $3 for every $2 they bet
-If player does not have natural black jack, and busts, they lose their bet
-If player does not have natural black jack, and does not bust, if they have a higher hand than the dealer at the end of round, dealer pays 2-1
-If player does not have natural blackjack, and does not bust,if they have a lower hand than dealer, they lose their bet
-If player does not have natural black jack,and does not bust, if they have an equal hand as the dealer, it is a push, and dealer pays even (they get their bet back and nothing else)


CASINO RULES
————————————————————————————

Rules are the same as basics with added features of Insurance, Double-Down, and Surrender

Insurance: If Dealer has an Ace for face up card, player can choose to make a side bet, which is half of the original bet. Player must place a bet BEFORE choosing insurance option
-If dealer has natural black jack, player is paid 2 to 1 on insurance, and breaks even
-If dealer does not have natural black jack, player loses insurance bet, and hand continues as normal

Double-Down: The player is allowed to increase the initial bet up to 100% in exchange for committing to stand after receiving exactly one more card. The player can only double down when it’s their turn to bet and they only have their 2 initial cards. Payouts determined if a player wins or loses the round.

Surrender: If player surrenders the round they get half their bet back



